#Data Model Review
Starting with a single table data structure format the team found this to not be robust enough to thoroughly describe the workflow of the data harmonization and moved to a new multi-tab template. 
Manual transcription and harmonization produced the existing template called DatasetVariableTable_v3.
The spreadsheet is broken down into 7 tables: README, data_structure, thesaurus, meta, all_units, common_vocabulary, common_units.
The first section, README, provides a brief overview of the data model similar to this section, and a change log to show the timeline of recent modifications to the document.
The next 3 sections link the dataset variables from the 8 datasets we dissected in order to harmonize them under a new internal standard of variable names.
The first of these tables is the data_structure table that provides a description of the data variable and where it is located and how it interacts within its respective data model.
Within this table the variable’s product name, data table name within the data product, any data variables the variable references, and data type are listed.
Following this is the thesaurus table which is the heart of our harmonization workflow.
Within this table, data is converted from product-specific vocabulary (generally column names but can be long-data format variable names) into the internal standard variable names.
This table lists the variable location with a descriptor such as “column_name” and the table and data product it originates from, as well as its previous product-specific variable name and its new assigned variable name.
The metadata of the given variable including original location, type, units, and methods is located in the meta table. This table links the product-table-column to the product-level metadata.
Specific information about value_factors and entries into the data product is found in the common_vocabulary table.
The table all_units is a compiled and sorted list of all units in the meta, and common_units is a list of common units for data standardization. 
